# ZuoraClient.Model.Amendment

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AutoRenew** | **bool** |  Determines whether the subscription is automatically renewed, or whether it expires at the end of the term and needs to be manually renewed. For amendment of type &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60;, this field is only required if you change the automatic renewal status of a subscription.   **Values**: true, false  | [optional] 
**Code** | **string** |  A unique alphanumeric string that identifies the amendment.   **Character limit**: 50  **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**ContractEffectiveDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the amendment&#39;s changes become effective for billing purposes.  | 
**CreatedById** | **string** |  The user ID of the person who created the amendment.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**CreatedDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the amendment was created.   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**CurrentTerm** | **long** |  The length of the period for the current subscription term. This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;.  This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60; and &#x60;TermType&#x60; is set to &#x60;TERMED&#x60;. This field is not required if &#x60;TermType&#x60; is set to &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;.   **Values**: a valid number  | [optional] 
**CurrentTermPeriodType** | **string** |  The period type for the current subscription term. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60; and &#x60;TermType&#x60; is set to &#x60;TERMED&#x60;. This field is not required if &#x60;TermType&#x60; is set to &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;.  **Values**:  - &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) - &#x60;Year&#x60; - &#x60;Day&#x60; - &#x60;Week&#x60;   **Note**:  - This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. - This field is used with the CurrentTerm field to specify the current subscription term.  | [optional] 
**CustomerAcceptanceDate** | **DateTime** | The date when the customer accepts the amendment&#39;s changes to the subscription.  This field is only required if [Zuora is configured to require customer acceptance in Z-Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/W_Billing_and_Payments_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings) and the subscription is currently in the Pending Acceptance status (the value of the &#x60;Status&#x60; field is currently &#x60;PendingAcceptance&#x60;).  Use this field together with the &#x60;Status&#x60; field. When you set a date in this field as a customer acceptance date, you should also set the &#x60;Status&#x60; field as &#x60;Completed&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** |  A description of the amendment.   **Character limit**: 500  **Values**: maximum 500 characters  | [optional] 
**DestinationAccountId** | **string** |  The ID of the subscription owner that the subscription is being transferred to.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: a valid account ID  | [optional] 
**DestinationInvoiceOwnerId** | **string** |  The ID of the invoice owner that the subscription is being transferred to.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: a valid invoice ID  | [optional] 
**EffectiveDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the amendment&#39;s changes take effective. This field validates that the amendment&#39;s changes are within valid ranges of products and product rate plans. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;Cancellation&#x60;.   | [optional] 
**ExternallyManagedBy** | **string** | An enum field on the Subscription object to indicate the name of a third-party store. This field is used to represent subscriptions created through third-party stores.  | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** |  The name of the amendment.   **Character limit**: 100  **Values**: a string of 100 characters or fewer  | 
**RatePlanData** | [**AmendmentRatePlanData**](AmendmentRatePlanData.md) |  | [optional] 
**RenewalSetting** | **string** |  Specifies whether a termed subscription will remain termed or change to evergreen when it is renewed.  This field is only required if the &#x60;TermType&#x60; field is set to &#x60;Termed&#x60;.   **Values**: RENEW_WITH_SPECIFIC_TERM (default), RENEW_TO_EVERGREEN  | [optional] 
**RenewalTerm** | **long** |  The term of renewal for the amended subscription. This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60;.   **Values:** a valid number  | [optional] 
**RenewalTermPeriodType** | **string** |  The period type for the subscription renewal term. This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. **Required**: Only if the value of the Type field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60;. This field is used with the RenewalTerm field to specify the subscription renewal term.   **Values**:  - &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) - &#x60;Year&#x60; - &#x60;Day&#x60; - &#x60;Week&#x60;  | [optional] 
**ResumeDate** | **DateTime** | The date when the subscription resumption takes effect. See [Resume Date](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BC_Subscription_Management/Subscriptions/Resume_a_Subscription#Resume_Date) for more information.  This field is only required if you resume a suspended subscription.  | [optional] 
**ServiceActivationDate** | **DateTime** | The date when service is activated.  This field is only required if [Zuora is configured to require service activation in Z-Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/W_Billing_and_Payments_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings) and the subscription is currently in the Pending Activation status (the value of the &#x60;Status&#x60; field is currently &#x60;PendingActivation&#x60;).  Use this field together with the &#x60;Status&#x60; field. When you set a date in this field as a service activation date, you should also set the &#x60;Status&#x60; field as the expected next phase status: &#x60;Completed&#x60; or &#x60;PendingAcceptance&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**SpecificUpdateDate** | **DateTime** | The date when the UpdateProduct amendment takes effect. This field is only applicable if there is already a future-dated UpdateProduct amendment on the subscription.   For the UpdateProduct amendments, this field is only required if there is already a future-dated UpdateProduct amendment on the subscription.  | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** |  The status of the amendment. Type: string (enum)    **Values**: one of the following:  - Draft (default, if left null) - Pending Activation - Pending Acceptance - Completed  | [optional] 
**SubscriptionId** | **string** |  The ID of the subscription that the amendment changes. The ID can be the latest version or any history version of ID.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: a valid subscription ID  | 
**SuspendDate** | **DateTime** | The date when the subscription suspension takes effect. See [Suspend Date](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BC_Subscription_Management/Subscriptions/Suspend_a_Subscription#Suspend_Date) for more information.  This field is only required if you suspend an active subscription.  | [optional] 
**TermStartDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the new terms and conditions take effect. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**TermType** | **string** |  Indicates if the subscription isTERMED or EVERGREEN.  - A TERMED subscription has an expiration date, and must be manually renewed. - An EVERGREEN subscription doesn&#39;t have an expiration date, and must be manually ended.  When as part of an amendment of type &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60;, this field is required to change the term type of a subscription.   **Character limit**: 9  **Values**: TERMED, EVERGREEN  | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** |  The type of amendment.   **Character limit**: 20    **Values**: one of the following:  - Cancellation - NewProduct - OwnerTransfer (If this value is chosen, the &#x60;ContractEffectiveDate&#x60;, &#x60;ServiceActivationDate&#x60;, and &#x60;CustomerAcceptanceDate&#x60; fields will all be automatically set to today&#39;s date, and any values passed from the API are ignored.) - RemoveProduct - Renewal - UpdateProduct - TermsAndConditions - SuspendSubscription - ResumeSubscription  | 
**UpdatedById** | **string** |  The ID of the user who last updated the amendment.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**UpdatedDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the amendment was last updated.   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

