# ZuoraClient.Model.ChangePlan
Information about an order action of type `ChangePlan`.  **Note**: The change plan type of order action is in the **Early Adopter** phase. We are actively soliciting feedback from a small set of early adopters before releasing it as generally available. If you want to join this early adopter program, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/). 

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EffectivePolicy** | **string** | * If the rate plan change (from old to new) is an upgrade, the effective policy is &#x60;EffectiveImmediately&#x60; by default. * If the rate plan change (from old to new) is a downgrade, the effective policy is &#x60;EffectiveEndOfBillingPeriod&#x60; by default. * Otherwise, the effective policy is &#x60;SpecificDate&#x60; by default.  | [optional] 
**NewProductRatePlan** | [**ChangePlanRatePlanOverride**](ChangePlanRatePlanOverride.md) |  | [optional] 
**ProductRatePlanId** | **string** | ID of the rate plan to remove. This can be the latest version or any history version of ID.  | [optional] 
**RatePlanId** | **string** | ID of the rate plan to remove. This can be the latest version or any history version of ID.  | [optional] 
**SubType** | **string** | This field is used to choose the sub type for your change plan order action.  However, if you do not set this field, the field will be automatically generated by the system according to the following rules:  When the old and new rate plans are within the same Grading catalog group: * If the grade of new plan is greater than that of the old plan, this is an \&quot;Upgrade\&quot;. * If the grade of new plan is less than that of the old plan, this is a \&quot;Downgrade\&quot;. * If the grade of new plan equals that of the old plan, this is a \&quot;Crossgrade\&quot;.  When the old and new rate plans are not in the same Grading catalog group, or either has no group, this is \&quot;PlanChanged\&quot;.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

