# ZuoraClient.Model.GETCreditMemoTypewithSuccessAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | **string** | The ID of the customer account associated with the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**Amount** | **double** | The total amount of the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**AppliedAmount** | **double** | The applied amount of the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**AutoApplyUponPosting** | **bool** | Whether the credit memo automatically applies to the invoice upon posting.  | [optional] 
**BillToContactId** | **string** | The ID of the bill-to contact associated with the credit memo.  The value of this field is &#x60;null&#x60; if you have the [Flexible Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Subscriptions/Flexible_Billing) feature disabled.  | [optional] 
**CancelledById** | **string** | The ID of the Zuora user who cancelled the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**CancelledOn** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the credit memo was cancelled, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss&#x60; format.  | [optional] 
**Comment** | **string** | Comments about the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**CreatedById** | **string** | The ID of the Zuora user who created the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**CreatedDate** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the credit memo was created, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss&#x60; format. For example, 2017-03-01 15:31:10.  | [optional] 
**CreditMemoDate** | **DateTime** | The date when the credit memo takes effect, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. For example, 2017-05-20.  | [optional] 
**Currency** | **string** | A currency defined in the web-based UI administrative settings.  | [optional] 
**ExcludeFromAutoApplyRules** | **bool** | Whether the credit memo is excluded from the rule of automatically applying unapplied credit memos to invoices and debit memos during payment runs.  | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | The unique ID of the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**LatestPDFFileId** | **string** | The ID of the latest PDF file generated for the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**Number** | **string** | The unique identification number of the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**PostedById** | **string** | The ID of the Zuora user who posted the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**PostedOn** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the credit memo was posted, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss&#x60; format.  | [optional] 
**ReasonCode** | **string** | A code identifying the reason for the transaction. The value must be an existing reason code or empty.  | [optional] 
**ReferredInvoiceId** | **string** | The ID of a referred invoice.  | [optional] 
**RefundAmount** | **double** | The amount of the refund on the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**Reversed** | **bool** | Whether the credit memo is reversed.  | [optional] 
**Source** | **string** | The source of the credit memo.  Possible values: - &#x60;BillRun&#x60;: The credit memo is generated by a bill run. - &#x60;API&#x60;: The credit memo is created by calling the [Invoice and collect](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/POST_TransactionInvoicePayment) operation. - &#x60;ApiSubscribe&#x60;: The credit memo is created by calling the [Create subscription](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/POST_Subscription) and [Create account](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/POST_Account) operation. - &#x60;ApiAmend&#x60;: The credit memo is created by calling the [Update subscription](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/PUT_Subscription) operation. - &#x60;AdhocFromPrpc&#x60;: The credit memo is created from a product rate plan charge through the Zuora UI or by calling the [Create a credit memo from a charge](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/POST_CreditMemoFromPrpc) operation. - &#x60;AdhocFromInvoice&#x60;: The credit memo is created from an invoice or created by reversing an invoice. You can create a credit memo from an invoice through the Zuora UI or by calling the [Create credit memo from invoice](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/POST_CreditMemoFromInvoice) operation. You can create a credit memo by reversing an invoice through the Zuora UI or by calling the [Reverse invoice](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/PUT_ReverseInvoice) operation.  | [optional] 
**SourceId** | **string** | The ID of the credit memo source.   If a credit memo is generated from a bill run, the value is the number of the corresponding bill run. Otherwise, the value is &#x60;null&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**SourceType** | **string** | The type of the credit memo source.  | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | The status of the credit memo.   | [optional] 
**TargetDate** | **DateTime** | The target date for the credit memo, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. For example, 2017-07-20.  | [optional] 
**TaxAmount** | **double** | The amount of taxation.  | [optional] 
**TaxMessage** | **string** | The message about the status of tax calculation related to the credit memo. If tax calculation fails in one credit memo, this field displays the reason for the failure.  | [optional] 
**TaxStatus** | **string** | The status of tax calculation related to the credit memo.  **Note**: This field is only applicable to tax calculation by third-party tax engines.  | [optional] 
**TotalTaxExemptAmount** | **double** | The calculated tax amount excluded due to the exemption.  | [optional] 
**TransferredToAccounting** | **string** | Whether the credit memo was transferred to an external accounting system. Use this field for integration with accounting systems, such as NetSuite.   | [optional] 
**UnappliedAmount** | **double** | The unapplied amount of the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**UpdatedById** | **string** | The ID of the Zuora user who last updated the credit memo.  | [optional] 
**UpdatedDate** | **DateTime** | The date and time when the credit memo was last updated, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss&#x60; format. For example, 2017-03-02 15:36:10.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

