# ZuoraClient.Model.PostOrderLineItemUpdateType

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **Guid** | The sytem generated Id for the Order Line Item(OLI). Use this field to specify which OLI to update.  | 
**UOM** | **string** | Specifies the units to measure usage.  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**AccountingCode** | **string** | The accountingCode for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**AdjustmentLiabilityAccountingCode** | **string** | The accounting code on the Order Line Item object for customers using [Zuora Billing - Revenue Integration](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Zuora_Revenue/Zuora_Billing_-_Revenue_Integration).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**AdjustmentRevenueAccountingCode** | **string** | The accounting code on the Order Line Item object for customers using [Zuora Billing - Revenue Integration](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Zuora_Revenue/Zuora_Billing_-_Revenue_Integration).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**AmountPerUnit** | **decimal** | The actual charged amount per unit for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**BillTargetDate** | **DateTime** | The target date for the Order Line Item (OLI) to be picked up by bill run for generating invoice.  To generate invoice for an OLI, you must set this field and set the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field to &#x60;SentToBilling&#x60;.  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ContractAssetAccountingCode** | **string** | The accounting code on the Order Line Item object for customers using [Zuora Billing - Revenue Integration](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Zuora_Revenue/Zuora_Billing_-_Revenue_Integration).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ContractLiabilityAccountingCode** | **string** | The accounting code on the Order Line Item object for customers using [Zuora Billing - Revenue Integration](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Zuora_Revenue/Zuora_Billing_-_Revenue_Integration).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ContractRecognizedRevenueAccountingCode** | **string** | The accounting code on the Order Line Item object for customers using [Zuora Billing - Revenue Integration](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Zuora_Revenue/Zuora_Billing_-_Revenue_Integration).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**CustomFields** | **Dictionary&lt;string, Object&gt;** | Container for custom fields of an Order Line Item object.  | [optional] 
**DeferredRevenueAccountingCode** | **string** | The deferred revenue accounting code for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** | The description of the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**InlineDiscountPerUnit** | **decimal** | You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  Use this field in accordance with the &#x60;inlineDiscountType&#x60; field, in the following manner: * If the &#x60;inlineDiscountType&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Percentage&#x60;, this field specifies the discount percentage for each unit of the order line item. For exmaple, if you specify &#x60;5&#x60; in this field, the discount percentage is 5%. * If the &#x60;inlineDiscountType&#x60; field is set as &#x60;FixedAmount&#x60;, this field specifies the discount amount on each unit of the order line item. For exmaple, if you specify &#x60;10&#x60; in this field, the discount amount on each unit of the order line item is 10.  Once you set the &#x60;inlineDiscountType&#x60;, &#x60;inlineDiscountPerUnit&#x60;, and &#x60;listPricePerUnit&#x60; fields, the system will automatically generate the &#x60;amountPerUnit&#x60; field. You shall not set the &#x60;amountPerUnit&#x60; field by yourself.  | [optional] 
**InlineDiscountType** | **string** | You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  Use this field to specify the inline discount type, which can be &#x60;Percentage&#x60;, &#x60;FixedAmount&#x60;, or &#x60;None&#x60;. The default value is &#x60;Percentage&#x60;.  Use this field together with the &#x60;inlineDiscountPerUnit&#x60; field to specify inline discounts for order line items. The inline discount is applied to the list price of an order line item.   Once you set the &#x60;inlineDiscountType&#x60;, &#x60;inlineDiscountPerUnit&#x60;, and &#x60;listPricePerUnit&#x60; fields, the system will automatically generate the &#x60;amountPerUnit&#x60; field. You shall not set the &#x60;amountPerUnit&#x60; field by yourself.  | [optional] 
**ItemName** | **string** | The name of the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ItemNumber** | **string** | The number for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ItemState** | **string** | The state of the Order Line Item (OLI). See [Order Line Item states, Order states, and state transitions](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Subscriptions/Orders/Order_Line_Items/AB_Order_Line_Item_States_and_Order_States) for more information.  To generate invoice for an OLI, you must set this field to &#x60;SentToBilling&#x60; and set the &#x60;billTargetDate&#x60; field .  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; or &#x60;SentToBilling&#x60;state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60; or &#x60;SentToBilling&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ItemType** | **string** | The type of the Order Line Item (OLI).   You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ListPricePerUnit** | **decimal** | The list price per unit for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**ProductCode** | **string** | The product code for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrderNumber** | **string** | Used by customers to specify the Purchase Order Number provided by the buyer.  You can update this field for an Order Line Item (OLI) only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**Quantity** | **decimal** | The quantity of units, such as the number of authors in a hosted wiki service.  You can update this field for an Order Line Item (OLI) only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**RecognizedRevenueAccountingCode** | **string** | The recognized revenue accounting code for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**RelatedSubscriptionNumber** | **string** | Use this field to relate an order line item to an subscription. Specify this field to the subscription number of the subscription to relate.  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**RevenueRecognitionRule** | **string** | The Revenue Recognition rule for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**SoldTo** | **string** | The ID of a contact that belongs to the billing account of the order line item. Use this field to assign an existing account as the sold-to contact of an order line item.  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**TaxCode** | **string** | The tax code for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**TaxMode** | **string** | The tax mode for the Order Line Item (OLI).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**TransactionEndDate** | **DateTime** | The date a transaction is completed. The default value of this field is the transaction start date. Also, the value of this field should always equal or be later than the value of the &#x60;transactionStartDate&#x60; field.  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**TransactionStartDate** | **DateTime** | The date a transaction starts. The default value of this field is the order date.  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**UnbilledReceivablesAccountingCode** | **string** | The accounting code on the Order Line Item object for customers using [Zuora Billing - Revenue Integration](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Zuora_Revenue/Zuora_Billing_-_Revenue_Integration).  You can update this field for an OLI only when the OLI is in the &#x60;Executing&#x60; state (when the &#x60;itemState&#x60; field is set as &#x60;Executing&#x60;).  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

