# ZuoraClient.Model.POSTAccountTypeAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountNumber** | **string** | A unique account number, up to 50 characters that do not begin with the default account number prefix.  If no account number is specified, one is generated.  | [optional] 
**AdditionalEmailAddresses** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | A list of additional email addresses to receive email notifications. Use commas to separate email addresses.  | [optional] 
**ApplicationOrder** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The priority order to apply credit memos and/or unapplied payments to an invoice. Possible item values are: &#x60;CreditMemo&#x60;, &#x60;UnappliedPayment&#x60;.  **Note:**   - This field is valid only if the &#x60;applyCredit&#x60; field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;.   - If no value is specified for this field, the default priority order is used, [\&quot;CreditMemo\&quot;, \&quot;UnappliedPayment\&quot;], to apply credit memos first and then apply unapplied payments.   - If only one item is specified, only the items of the spedified type are applied to invoices. For example, if the value is &#x60;[\&quot;CreditMemo\&quot;]&#x60;, only credit memos are used to apply to invoices.  | [optional] 
**ApplyCredit** | **bool** | Whether to automatically apply credit memos or unapplied payments, or both to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit memo or unapplied payment, or both will be automatically applied to the invoice. If no value is specified or the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  **Note:** This field is only available if you have [Invoice Settlement](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement) enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing Release 296 (March 2021). This feature includes Unapplied Payments, Credit and Debit Memo, and Invoice Item Settlement. If you want to enable Invoice Settlement, see [Invoice Settlement Enablement and Checklist Guide](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement/Invoice_Settlement_Migration_Checklist_and_Guide) for more information.  | [optional] 
**ApplyCreditBalance** | **bool** | Applies a credit balance to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit balance is applied to the invoice. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  Prerequisite: &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.  To view the credit balance adjustment, retrieve the details of the invoice using the Get Invoices method.   **Note:**    - If you are using the field &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; rather than the field &#x60;invoice&#x60;, the &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; value must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   - This field is deprecated if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.   | [optional] 
**AutoPay** | **bool** | Whether future payments are to be automatically billed when they are due.   - If this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, you must specify either the &#x60;creditCard&#x60; field or the &#x60;hpmCreditCardPaymentMethodId&#x60; field, but not both. - If this field is set to &#x60;false&#x60;, you can specify neither the &#x60;creditCard&#x60; field nor the &#x60;hpmCreditCardPaymentMethodId&#x60; field.  | [optional] 
**Batch** | **string** | The alias name given to a batch. A string of 50 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**BillCycleDay** | **long** | The account&#39;s bill cycle day (BCD), when bill runs generate invoices for the account.  Specify any day of the month (1-31, where 31 &#x3D; end-of-month), or 0 for auto-set.  Required if no subscription will be created.   Optional if a subscription is created and defaults to the day-of-the-month of the subscription&#39;s &#x60;contractEffectiveDate&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**BillToContact** | [**POSTAccountTypeBillToContact**](POSTAccountTypeBillToContact.md) |  | 
**Collect** | **bool** | Collects an automatic payment for a subscription. The collection generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the automatic payment is collected. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  Prerequisite: The &#x60;invoice&#x60; or &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;196.0&#x60; or later.  | [optional] [default to true]
**CommunicationProfileId** | **string** | The ID of a communication profile.           | [optional] 
**CreditCard** | [**POSTAccountTypeCreditCard**](POSTAccountTypeCreditCard.md) |  | [optional] 
**CreditMemoReasonCode** | **string** | A code identifying the reason for the credit memo transaction that is generated by the request. The value must be an existing reason code. If you do not pass the field or pass the field with empty value, Zuora uses the default reason code. | [optional] 
**CreditMemoTemplateId** | **string** | **Note:** This field is only available if you have [Invoice Settlement](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement) enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing Release 296 (March 2021). This feature includes Unapplied Payments, Credit and Debit Memo, and Invoice Item Settlement. If you want to enable Invoice Settlement, see [Invoice Settlement Enablement and Checklist Guide](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement/Invoice_Settlement_Migration_Checklist_and_Guide) for more information.  The unique ID of the credit memo template, configured in **Billing Settings** &gt; **Manage Billing Document Configuration** through the Zuora UI. For example, 2c92c08a6246fdf101626b1b3fe0144b.  | [optional] 
**CrmId** | **string** | CRM account ID for the account, up to 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**Currency** | **string** | A currency as defined in Billing Settings in the Zuora UI.  For payment method authorization, if the &#x60;paymentMethod&#x60; &gt; &#x60;currencyCode&#x60; field is specified, &#x60;currencyCode&#x60; is used. Otherwise, this &#x60;currency&#x60; field is used for payment method authorization. If no currency is specified for the account, the default currency of the account is then used.  | 
**DebitMemoTemplateId** | **string** | **Note:** This field is only available if you have [Invoice Settlement](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement) enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is generally available as of Zuora Billing Release 296 (March 2021). This feature includes Unapplied Payments, Credit and Debit Memo, and Invoice Item Settlement. If you want to enable Invoice Settlement, see [Invoice Settlement Enablement and Checklist Guide](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement/Invoice_Settlement_Migration_Checklist_and_Guide) for more information.  The unique ID of the debit memo template, configured in **Billing Settings** &gt; **Manage Billing Document Configuration** through the Zuora UI. For example, 2c92c08d62470a8501626b19d24f19e2.  | [optional] 
**DocumentDate** | **DateTime** | The date of the billing document, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. It represents the invoice date for invoices, credit memo date for credit memos, and debit memo date for debit memos.  - If this field is specified, the specified date is used as the billing document date.  - If this field is not specified, the date specified in the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; is used as the billing document date.  | [optional] 
**HpmCreditCardPaymentMethodId** | **string** | The ID of the payment method associated with this account. The payment method specified for this field will be set as the default payment method of the account.  If the &#x60;autoPay&#x60; field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, you must provide the credit card payment method ID for either this field or the &#x60;creditCard&#x60; field, but not both.  For the Credit Card Reference Transaction payment method, you can specify the payment method ID in this field or use the &#x60;paymentMethod&#x60; field to create a CC Reference Transaction payment method for an account.  For a specified credit card payment method, it is recommended that [the support for stored credential transactions](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Stored_credential_transactions) for this payment method is already enabled.  | [optional] 
**Invoice** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoice&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.   Creates an invoice for a subscription. The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is created. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;196.0&#x60; or &#x60;207.0&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to true]
**InvoiceCollect** | **bool** |  **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;invoice&#x60; field and the &#x60;collect&#x60; field. &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; is available only for backward compatibility.   If this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, and a subscription is created, an invoice is generated at account creation time and payment is immediately collected using the account&#39;s default payment method.   **Note**: This field is only available if you set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; request header to &#x60;186.0&#x60;, &#x60;187.0&#x60;, &#x60;188.0&#x60;, or &#x60;189.0&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to true]
**InvoiceDeliveryPrefsEmail** | **bool** | Whether the customer wants to receive invoices through email.   | [optional] [default to false]
**InvoiceDeliveryPrefsPrint** | **bool** | Whether the customer wants to receive printed invoices, such as through postal mail.  | [optional] [default to false]
**InvoiceTargetDate** | **DateTime** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoiceTargetDate&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.     Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   This field is in REST API minor version control. To use this field in the method, you can set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header. Supported minor versions are &#x60;207.0&#x60; and earlier.   | [optional] 
**InvoiceTemplateId** | **string** | Invoice template ID, configured in Billing Settings in the Zuora UI.  | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | Account name, up to 255 characters.  | 
**Notes** | **string** | A string of up to 65,535 characters. | [optional] 
**ParentId** | **string** | Identifier of the parent customer account for this Account object. The length is 32 characters. Use this field if you have customer hierarchy enabled. | [optional] 
**PaymentGateway** | **string** | The name of the payment gateway instance. If null or left unassigned, the Account will use the Default Gateway.  | [optional] 
**PaymentMethod** | [**POSTAccountTypePaymentMethod**](POSTAccountTypePaymentMethod.md) |  | [optional] 
**PaymentTerm** | **string** | Payment terms for this account. Possible values are: &#x60;Due Upon Receipt&#x60;, &#x60;Net 30&#x60;, &#x60;Net 60&#x60;, &#x60;Net 90&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**RunBilling** | **bool** | Creates an invoice for a subscription. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created based on the [invoice and credit memo generation rule](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/Invoice_Settlement/B_Credit_and_Debit_Memos/Rules_for_generating_invoices_and_credit_memos).    The billing documents generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   Possible values:  - &#x60;true&#x60;: An invoice is created. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created.   - &#x60;false&#x60;: No invoice is created.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to true]
**SalesRep** | **string** | The name of the sales representative associated with this account, if applicable. Maximum of 50 characters. | [optional] 
**SequenceSetId** | **string** | The ID of the billing document sequence set to assign to the customer account.   The billing documents to generate for this account will adopt the prefix and starting document number configured in the sequence set.  If a customer account has no assigned billing document sequence set, billing documents generated for this account adopt the prefix and starting document number from the default sequence set.  | [optional] 
**SoldToContact** | [**POSTAccountTypeSoldToContact**](POSTAccountTypeSoldToContact.md) |  | [optional] 
**SoldToSameAsBillTo** | **bool** | Whether the sold-to contact and bill-to contact are the same entity.   The created account has the same bill-to contact and sold-to contact entity only when all the following conditions are met in the request body:  - This field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;.  - A bill-to contact is specified. - No sold-to contact is specified.  | [optional] 
**Subscription** | [**POSTAccountTypeSubscription**](POSTAccountTypeSubscription.md) |  | [optional] 
**Tagging** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**TargetDate** | **DateTime** | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice or a credit memo is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.  **Note:** The credit memo is only available only if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.  This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; and later. To use this field in the method, you must set the  &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] 
**TaxInfo** | [**POSTAccountTypeAllOfTaxInfo**](POSTAccountTypeAllOfTaxInfo.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

