# ZuoraClient.Model.ProxyGetExport

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ConvertToCurrencies** | **string** |  The currencies that you want to convert transaction amounts into. You can specify any number of currencies. Specify the currencies using their Foreign Currency Conversion enabled to use this field. **Character limit**: **Values**: a list of valid currency codes  | [optional] 
**CreatedById** | **string** |  The user ID of the person who created the export. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**CreatedDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the import was created. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**Encrypted** | **bool** |  Exports a secure version of encrypted data source fields. such as the AchAccountNumber field of the PaymentMethod object and the DefaultPaymentMethod data souce objects. **Character limit**: 5 **Values:** true, false  | [optional] 
**FileId** | **string** |  The ID of the file generated by an export query. This file is automatically generated when an Export object is created. Use this file ID with [Get files](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#operation/GET_Files) to download the export file. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**Format** | **string** |  The format that you want the export file to use. **Character limit**: 5  | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | Object identifier. | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** |  The name of the export. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**Query** | **string** | [Export ZOQL](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/DC_Developers/M_Export_ZOQL) query.  | [optional] 
**Size** | **int** |  The number of records or rows exported. This field value is null until the export status is Completed. **Character limit**: **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** |  The status of the export. Type: string (enum) **Character limit**: 10 **Values**: automatically generated to be one of the following values:  - Pending - Processing - Completed - Canceled - Failed  | [optional] 
**StatusReason** | **string** |  The reason for the given status. Use this information to help ascertain why an export failed. **Character limi**t: 255 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**UpdatedById** | **string** |  The ID of the user who last updated the export. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**UpdatedDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the expotr was last updated. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**Zip** | **bool** |  Indicates if you want the resulting export file to be compressed into a zip file. **Character limit**: **Values**: true, false (default)  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

