# ZuoraClient.Model.ProxyCreatePaymentMethodAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | **string** | The ID of the customer account associated with this payment method. To create an orphan payment method that is not associated with any customer account, you do not need to specify this field during creation. However, you must associate the orphan payment method with a customer account within 10 days. Otherwise, this orphan payment method will be deleted. | [optional] 
**AchAbaCode** | **string** |  The nine-digit routing number or ABA number used by banks. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  **Character limit**: 9 **Values**: a string of 9 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**AchAccountName** | **string** |  The name of the account holder, which can be either a person or a company. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  **Character limit**: 70 **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**AchAccountNumber** | **string** | The bank account number associated with the ACH payment. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;. **Character limit**: 30 **Values**: a string of 30 numeric characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**AchAccountType** | **string** |  The type of bank account associated with the ACH payment. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;. When creating an ACH payment method on Adyen, this field is required by Zuora but it is not required by Adyen. To create the ACH payment method successfully, specify a real value for this field if you can. If it is not possible to get the real value for it, specify any of the allowed values as a dummy value, &#x60;Checking&#x60; preferably. **Character limit**: 16 **Values**: - &#x60;BusinessChecking&#x60; - &#x60;BusinessSaving&#x60; - &#x60;Checking&#x60; - &#x60;Saving&#x60;  | [optional] 
**AchAddress1** | **string** |  Line 1 for the ACH address. This field is required for creating a payment method for the Vantiv payment gateway. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: an address  | [optional] 
**AchAddress2** | **string** |  Line 2 for the ACH address. This field is required for creating a payment method for the Vantiv payment gateway. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: an address  | [optional] 
**AchBankName** | **string** |  The name of the bank where the ACH payment account is held. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;. When creating an ACH payment method on Adyen, this field is required by Zuora but it is not required by Adyen. To create the ACH payment method successfully, specify a real value for this field if you can. If it is not possible to get the real value for it, specify a dummy value. **Character limit**: 70 **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**AchCity** | **string** | The city of the ACH address. Use this field for ACH payment methods. **Note**: This field is only specific to the NMI payment gateway. It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing. **Character limit**: 40 **Values**: a string of 40 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**AchCountry** | **string** | The country of the ACH address. See [Country Names and Their ISO Standard 2- and 3-Digit Codes](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/D_Country%2C_State%2C_and_Province_Codes/A_Country_Names_and_Their_ISO_Codes) for the list of supported country names. Use this field for ACH methods. **Note**: This field is only specific to the NMI payment gateway. It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing. **Character limit**: 40 **Values**: a supported country name  | [optional] 
**AchPostalCode** | **string** | The billing address&#39;s zip code. This field is required only when you define an ACH payment method. **Note**: This field is only specific to the NMI payment gateway. **Character limit**: 20 **Values**: a string of 20 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**AchState** | **string** | The billing address&#39;s state. Use this field is if the &#x60;ACHCountry&#x60; value is either &#x60;Canada&#x60; or the &#x60;US&#x60;. State names must be spelled in full. For more information, see the list of [supported state names](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/D_Country%2C_State%2C_and_Province_Codes/B_State_Names_and_2-Digit_Codes). This field is required only when you define an ACH payment method. **Note**: This field is only specific to the NMI payment gateway. **Character limit**: 50 **Values**: a valid state name  | [optional] 
**BankBranchCode** | **string** | The branch code of the bank used for direct debit. This field is required for the following bank transfer payment methods:   - Sweden Direct Debit (&#x60;Autogiro&#x60;)   - Direct Debit NZ (&#x60;DirectDebitNZ&#x60;)   - Pre-Authorized Debit (&#x60;PAD&#x60;)  **Character limit**: 10  | [optional] 
**BankCheckDigit** | **string** | The check digit in the international bank account number, which confirms the validity of the account. Use this field for direct debit payment methods. **Character limit**: 4 **Values**: a string of 4 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**BankCode** | **string** | The sort code or number that identifies the bank. This is also known as the sort code. This field is required for the following bank transfer payment methods:   - Direct Debit UK (&#x60;Bacs&#x60;)   - Denmark Direct Debit (&#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60;)   - Direct Debit NZ (&#x60;DirectDebitNZ&#x60;)   - Pre-Authorized Debit (&#x60;PAD&#x60;)  | [optional] 
**BankTransferAccountName** | **string** | The name on the customer&#39;s bank account. This field is required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;BankTransfer&#x60;.  **Character limit**: 60  **Values**: a string of 60 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**BankTransferAccountNumber** | **string** | The number of the customer&#39;s bank account. This field is required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;BankTransfer&#x60;.  **Character limit**: 30  **Values**: a string of 30 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**BankTransferAccountNumberMask** | **string** |  This is a masked displayable version of the ACH account number, used for security purposes. For example: &#x60;XXXXXXXXX54321&#x60;.  **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] 
**BankTransferType** | **string** | The type of direct debit transfer. The value of this field is dependent on the country of the user. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;BankTransfer&#x60;.   **Values**:     - &#x60;SEPA&#x60;    - &#x60;DirectEntryAU&#x60; (Australia)    - &#x60;DirectDebitUK&#x60; (UK)    - &#x60;Autogiro&#x60; (Sweden)    - &#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60; (Denmark)    - &#x60;DirectDebitNZ&#x60; (New Zealand)      - &#x60;PAD&#x60; (Canada)       - &#x60;AutomatischIncasso&#x60; (Netherlands)    - &#x60;LastschriftDE&#x60; (Germany)    - &#x60;LastschriftAT&#x60; (Austria)    - &#x60;DemandeDePrelevement&#x60; (France)    - &#x60;Domicil&#x60; (Belgium)    - &#x60;LastschriftCH&#x60; (Switzerland)    - &#x60;RID&#x60; (Italy)    - &#x60;OrdenDeDomiciliacion&#x60; (Spain)  | [optional] 
**BusinessIdentificationCode** | **string** |  The business identification code for Swiss direct payment methods that use the Global Collect payment gateway. Use this field only for direct debit payments in Switzerland with Global Collect. **Character limit**: 11 **Values**: a string of 11 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**City** | **string** |  The city of the customer&#39;s address. Use this field for direct debit payment methods. It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing. **Character limit**:80 **Values**: a string of 80 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**CompanyName** | **string** | The name of the company.  Zuora does not recommend that you use this field.  | [optional] 
**Country** | **string** | The two-letter country code of the customer&#39;s address. This field is required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;BankTransfer&#x60;, and the &#x60;BankTransferType&#x60; field is set to any of the following values:   - &#x60;Autogiro&#x60;   - &#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60;   - &#x60;DirectDebitUK&#x60;   - &#x60;DirectEntryAU&#x60;   - &#x60;DirectDebitNZ&#x60;   - &#x60;PAD&#x60;  It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing.  | [optional] 
**CreditCardAddress1** | **string** |  The first line of the card holder&#39;s address, which is often a street address or business name. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**CreditCardAddress2** | **string** |  The second line of the card holder&#39;s address. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**CreditCardCity** | **string** |  The city of the card holder&#39;s address. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods. It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing. **Character limit**: 40 **Values**: a string of 40 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**CreditCardCountry** | **string** |  The country of the card holder&#39;s address. It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing.  | [optional] 
**CreditCardExpirationMonth** | **int** |  The expiration month of the credit card or debit card. This field is required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60; or &#x60;DebitCard&#x60;. **Character limit**: 2 **Values**: a two-digit number, 01 - 12  | [optional] 
**CreditCardExpirationYear** | **int** |  The expiration month of the credit card or debit card. This field is required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60; or &#x60;DebitCard&#x60;. **Character limit**: 4 **Values**: a four-digit number  | [optional] 
**CreditCardHolderName** | **string** |  The full name of the card holder. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60; or &#x60;DebitCard&#x60;.  **Character limit**: 50 **Values**: a string of 50 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**CreditCardNumber** | **string** | Credit card number, a string of up to 16 characters. This field is required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60; or &#x60;DebitCard&#x60;. This field can only be set when creating a new payment method; it cannot be queried or updated.  | [optional] 
**CreditCardPostalCode** | **string** |  The billing address&#39;s zip code. **Character limit**: 20 **Values**: a string of 20 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**CreditCardSecurityCode** | **string** | The CVV or CVV2 security code. See [How do I control what information Zuora sends over to the Payment Gateway?](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/kb/How_do_I_control_information_sent_to_payment_gateways_when_verifying_payment_methods%3F) for more information. To ensure PCI compliance, this value is not stored and cannot be queried.  | [optional] 
**CreditCardState** | **string** |  The billing address&#39;s state. Use this field if the &#x60;CreditCardCountry&#x60; value is either Canada or the US. State names must be spelled in full.  | [optional] 
**CreditCardType** | **string** | The type of the credit card. This field is required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60; or &#x60;DebitCard&#x60;.  Possible values  include &#x60;Visa&#x60;, &#x60;MasterCard&#x60;, &#x60;AmericanExpress&#x60;, &#x60;Discover&#x60;, &#x60;JCB&#x60;, and &#x60;Diners&#x60;. For more information about credit card types supported by different payment gateways, see [Supported Payment Gateways](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways).  | [optional] 
**DeviceSessionId** | **string** |  The session ID of the user when the &#x60;PaymentMethod&#x60; was created or updated. Some gateways use this field for fraud prevention. If this field is passed to Zuora, then Zuora passes this field to supported gateways. Currently only Verifi supports this field. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**:  | [optional] 
**Email** | **string** |  An email address for the payment method in addition to the bill to contact email address. **Character limit**: 80 **Values**: a string of 80 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**ExistingMandate** | **string** |  Indicates if the customer has an existing mandate or a new mandate. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. When you are migrating mandates from another system, be sure to set this field correctly. If you indicate that a new mandate is an existing mandate or vice-versa, then transactions fail. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 3 **Values**: &#x60;Yes&#x60;, &#x60;No&#x60;  | [optional] 
**FirstName** | **string** |  The customer&#39;s first name. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 30 **Values**: a string of 30 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**GatewayOptionData** | [**ProxyCreatePaymentAllOfGatewayOptionData**](ProxyCreatePaymentAllOfGatewayOptionData.md) |  | [optional] 
**IBAN** | **string** |  The International Bank Account Number. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 42 **Values**: a string of 42 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**IPAddress** | **string** |  The IP address of the user when the payment method was created or updated. Some gateways use this field for fraud prevention. If this field is passed to Zuora, then Zuora passes this field to supported gateways. Currently PayPal, CyberSource, Authorize.Net, Verifi, and WorldPay support this field. **Character limit**: 15 **Values**: a string of 15 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**IdentityNumber** | **string** | The unique identity number of the customer account. This field is required for the following bank transfer payment methods:   - Denmark Direct Debit (Betalingsservice)   - Sweden Direct Debit (Autogiro)  It is a string of 12 characters for a Swedish identity number, and a string of 10 characters for a Denish identity number.  | [optional] 
**IsCompany** | **bool** | Whether the customer account is a company.  Zuora does not recommend that you use this field.   | [optional] [default to false]
**LastName** | **string** |  The customer&#39;s last name. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 70 **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**LastTransactionDateTime** | **DateTime** |  The date of the most recent transaction. **Character limit**: 29 **Values**: a valid date and time value  | [optional] 
**MandateCreationDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the mandate was created, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 29  | [optional] 
**MandateID** | **string** |  The ID of the mandate. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 36 **Values**: a string of 36 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**MandateReceived** | **string** |  Indicates if  the mandate was received. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 3 **Values**: &#x60;Yes&#x60;, &#x60;No &#x60;(case-sensitive)  | [optional] 
**MandateUpdateDate** | **DateTime** |  The date when the mandate was last updated, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 29  | [optional] 
**MaxConsecutivePaymentFailures** | **int** |  Specifies the number of allowable consecutive failures Zuora attempts with the payment method before stopping. When the &#x60;UseDefaultRetryRule&#x60; field is set to &#x60;false&#x60;, this field is only required if the &#x60;PaymentRetryWindow&#x60; field is not defined. **Values**: a valid number  | [optional] 
**NumConsecutiveFailures** | **int** | The number of consecutive failed payments for this payment method. It is reset to &#x60;0&#x60; upon successful payment.   | [optional] 
**PaymentRetryWindow** | **int** |  The retry interval setting, which prevents making a payment attempt if the last failed attempt was within the last specified number of hours. When the &#x60;UseDefaultRetryRule&#x60; field is set to &#x60;false&#x60;, this field is only required if the &#x60;MaxConsecutivePaymentFailures&#x60; field is not defined. **Character limit**: 4 **Values**: a whole number between 1 and 1000, exclusive  | [optional] 
**PaypalBaid** | **string** |  The PayPal billing agreement ID, which is a contract between two PayPal accounts. Typically, the selling party initiates a request to create a BAID, and sends it to buying party for acceptance. The seller can keep track of the BAID and use it for future charges against the buyer. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;PayPal&#x60;. **Character limit**: 64 **Values**: a string of 64 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**PaypalEmail** | **string** |  The email address associated with the account holder&#39;s PayPal account or of the PayPal account of the person paying for the service. This field is only required if the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;PayPal&#x60;. **Character limit**: 80 **Values**: a string of 80 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**PaypalPreapprovalKey** | **string** |  PayPal&#39;s Adaptive Payments API key. Zuora does not create this key, nor does it call PayPal to generate it. You must use PayPal&#39;s Adaptive Payments&#39; API to generate this key, and then pass it to Zuora. Zuora uses this key to authorize future payments to PayPal&#39;s Adaptive Payments API. This field is only required if you use PayPal Adaptive Payments gateway. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: a valid PayPal Adaptive Payment pre-approval key  | [optional] 
**PaypalType** | **string** |  Specifies the PayPal gateway: PayFlow Pro (Express Checkout) or Adaptive Payments. This field is only required if you use PayPal Adaptive Payments or Payflow Pro (Express Checkout) gateways. **Character limit**: 32 **Values**: &#x60;ExpressCheckout&#x60;, &#x60;AdaptivePayments&#x60;  | [optional] 
**Phone** | **string** |  The phone number that the account holder registered with the bank. This field is used for credit card validation when passing to a gateway. **Character limit**: 40 **Values**: a string of 40 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**PostalCode** | **string** |  The zip code of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 20 **Values**: a string of 20 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**SecondTokenId** | **string** |  A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data. &#x60;SecondTokenId&#x60; is conditionally required only when &#x60;TokenId&#x60; is being used to represent a gateway customer profile. &#x60;SecondTokenId&#x60; is used in the CC Reference Transaction payment method. **Character limit**: 64 **Values**: a string of 64 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**SkipValidation** | **bool** | If you set this field to &#x60;false&#x60;, Zuora will send an authorization request to the payment gateway. If the authorization fails, the Create Payment Method request will fail as well. If the user knows that the card number or token is valid, we recommend disabling this feature because authorization requests to the card network incur additional processing fees. Currently, Zuora sends all authorizations as keyed entries. If you set this field to &#x60;true&#x60;, the authorization request is not sent. **Character limit**: 5 **Values**: &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] 
**State** | **string** | The state of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 70 **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**StreetName** | **string** | The street name of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 100 **Values**: a string of 100 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**StreetNumber** | **string** | The street number of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method. **Character limit**: 30 **Values**: a string of 30 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**TokenId** | **string** | A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data or represents a gateway&#39;s unique customer profile. When &#x60;TokenId&#x60; is used to represent a customer profile, &#x60;SecondTokenId&#x60; is conditionally required for representing the underlying tokenized payment method. &#x60;TokenId&#x60; is required for the CC Reference Transaction payment method. **Character limit**: 255 **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** | The type of payment method.   If you want to create an Amazon Pay payment method, specify &#x60;CreditCardReferenceTransaction&#x60; for this field.   If you want create a custom payment method, specify the name of the custom payment method type. This type is only available if the Universal Payment Connector and Open Payment Method services are enabled. See [Set up custom payment gateways and payment methods](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/MB_Set_up_custom_payment_gateways_and_payment_methods) for details.  | [optional] 
**UseDefaultRetryRule** | **bool** | Determines whether to use the default retry rules configured in the Z-Payments settings. Set this to &#x60;true&#x60; to use the default retry rules. Set this to &#x60;false&#x60; to set the specific rules for this payment method. If you set this value to &#x60;false&#x60;, then the fields, &#x60;PaymentRetryWindow&#x60; and &#x60;MaxConsecutivePaymentFailures&#x60;, are required. **Character limit**: 5 **Values**: &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency used for payment method authorization.  If this field is not specified, &#x60;currency&#x60; specified for the account is used for payment method authorization. If no currency is specified for the account, the default currency of the account is then used.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

